Update metrics and readiness docs (#150)
roadrunner-server/roadrunner-docs: docs/en/http/http.md

So in this case the request gets into the `sendfile` middleware, then `gzip` and `static`. And vice versa from the
response.

## Request queues

RR has an internal queue for requests. The `allocate_timeout` is used to assign a worker to the request. 

> If your worker works for 1 minute for example, but allocate_timeout is equal to 30seconds, after this timeout, RR will start rejecting the first request in queue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your worker works for 1 minute for example, but `allocate_timeout` is equal to 30 seconds, after this timeout, RR will start rejecting the first request in queue. 
```
